# BinanceTestNetDeepLearningTradingBot
Python program that executes ETH buy and sell orders on the Binance test platform using signals generated by a Deep Learning program

## SETTING UP

1.	Retrieving the Binance testnet APIs :
- Go to the Binance website (https://testnet.binance.vision/) and
- Connect with GitHub
- In API Keys, click on "Generate HMAC-SHA-256 Key".  
- Create a new API key, providing a name for the key
- Make a note of the generated API key and secret key, as you'll need them to integrate the bot.
 
 
2.	Creating an application password with Google :
- Go to your Google account (https://myaccount.google.com) and make sure you're logged in.
- Go to the "Security" section of your account settings.
- Look for the "App Passwords" option and click on it.
- Select the application or service for which you wish to create an application password.
- Follow the instructions to generate a new application password. Make a note of this password, as you'll need it for bot integration.
 
3.	Install bot code :

- Set up a development environment with Python
- Install the necessary dependencies

```sh
pip install ccxt
```
```sh
pip install pandas
```
```sh
pip install numpy
```
```sh
pip install scikit-learn
```
```sh
pip install tensorflow
```
```sh
pip install matplotlib
```
```sh
pip install hyperopt
```
```sh
pip install python-dotenv
```
```sh
pip install python-binance
```

- Download the bot testnet.py source file and the file containing the APIsKeyAndEmail environment variables.


- In the APIsKeyAndEmail file, paste your API key and your API code as well as your application password, the email address of the account that created the application password and the email address to which you want to send the results. 

- Synchronize your computer's time automatically to avoid any problems.

- Run the bot code as an administator and check that it works correctly.
